In this section,
we covered a lot of concepts and code for adding Spring
Batch and configuring a job template.
First, I covered adding the Spring Batch dependencies to the project.
This includes two main libraries,
spring-batch-core and spring-batch-infrastructure.
The infrastructure library contains logic for interacting
with various underlying components,
such as the file system that will be used for item reading in the next section.
The core library contains support for the various Spring Batch features
and configurations that were covered in this section.
Next, I covered the configuration of main Spring Batch features in the project.
I configured a JobRepository for persisting metadata about
batch jobs configured in the project.
I also configured a JobExplorer that can retrieve information
from the metadata stored in the JobRepository.
Finally, I configured a JobLauncher,
which was just used in a RestController to run the
job with specific job parameters.
I then created a configuration for a batch job and step.
I leveraged a simple job builder to define the job name,
validation, and starting step.
I leveraged a StepBuilderFactory to create a simple
tasklet that output Hello World!
on job execution.
Finally, I showed you how to unit test and execute the batch job.
The unit test simply verified that the job was configured correctly.
The job execution was performed through a RestController that made a call to
the JobLauncher using the configured job and JobParameters.
Now,
I'll start to replace the simple tasklet I created in
this section with full-blown processing. I'll start by showing you how to read input from a file.